Updates changelog, adds default gradle value (#2070)
aws-amplify/aws-sdk-android: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log - AWS SDK for Android

## [Release 2.18.0](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-android/releases/tag/release_v2.18.0)

*Version 2.18.0 introduces breaking changes against 2.17.1.*

### Breaking Updates
- aws-android-sdk-mobile-client:

>    - No breaking changes but if you followed the old documentation to set up your code for HostedUI, you'll need to make the following revisions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - No breaking changes code-wise, but if you followed the old documentation to set up your code for HostedUI, then you'll need to make the following revisions:
```

>    - Remove the intent filter from your Android Manifest talked about in [the old docs here](https://docs.amplify.aws/sdk/auth/hosted-ui/q/platform/android#setup-amazon-cognito-hosted-ui-in-android-app)

Reviewer: I get your intention in pointing them to the old docs for reference, but I think a better approach would be to update the docs now and point them to it instead of having the sample code here. Otherwise, when the doc *is* updated in the future, this patch note will no longer make sense.

Author: Fair enough

>    - Add the value for your redirect URI scheme ("myapp" in the docs example above) to your app build.gradle file as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Add the value for your redirect URI scheme ("myapp" in the docs example above) to your app's `build.gradle` file as follows:
```

   
   ```gradle
	android {
	    defaultConfig {
		manifestPlaceholders = [
		    'authRedirectScheme': 'myapp'
		]
	    }
	}
   ```

>    - Remove the onResume intent callback code from your activity described in step 2 of the [the old docs here](https://docs.amplify.aws/sdk/auth/hosted-ui/q/platform/android#setup-amazon-cognito-hosted-ui-in-android-app)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Remove the `onResume` intent callback code from your activity described in step 2 of the [the old docs here](https://docs.amplify.aws/sdk/auth/hosted-ui/q/platform/android#setup-amazon-cognito-hosted-ui-in-android-app)
```

Reviewer: also same comment with the old doc reference here

>    - Add this onActivityResult override to handle the HostedUI callback instead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Add this `onActivityResult()` method override to handle the HostedUI callback instead:
```

   
   ```java
    @Override
    protected void onActivityResult(int requestCode, int resultCode, Intent data) {
		super.onActivityResult(requestCode, resultCode, data);
		if (requestCode == AuthClient.CUSTOM_TABS_ACTIVITY_CODE) {
	    		AWSMobileClient.getInstance().handleAuthResponse(data);
		}
    }

>    ```

Reviewer: indentation

Author: So it looks weird in the code but it's necessary for proper indentation in the render.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```java
@Override
protected void onActivityResult(int requestCode, int resultCode, Intent data) {
    super.onActivityResult(requestCode, resultCode, data);
    if (requestCode == AuthClient.CUSTOM_TABS_ACTIVITY_CODE) {
        AWSMobileClient.getInstance().handleAuthResponse(data);
    }
}
```
```

Reviewer: how does this look?

Author: Moved to docs update

- aws-android-sdk-cognitoauth:

>    - getSession() method has been refactored to getSession(Activity activity) - where activity is an instance of the activity the user is calling this method from so it can launch HostedUI if it needs to sign in again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `getSession()` method has been refactored to `getSession(Activity activity)`, where `activity` is an instance of the activity that the user is calling this method from. It can then launch HostedUI if it needs to sign in again.
```

Author: Done
